# Write-Accounts

## SYNOPSIS
This Cmdlet allows you to save test accounts to a file for use with later testing sessions.

## SYNTAX

### Account Writing Parameters (Default)
```
Write-Accounts [-FilePath [<String>]] [-Password [<String>]] [-EncryptData] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This Cmdlet allows you to save the accounts generated with New-Accounts to a file on your local disk.  You can then use this file to import these accounts back intoa later testing session.  This Cmdlet also allows you to encrypt the resulting file to prevent unauthorized use.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1
Basic use
```powershell
C:\PS> Write-Accounts -FilePath "$env:USERPROFILE\Documents\Meadow.Cli\Accounts.txt"
```

This example writes the accounts generated with the New-Accounts Cmdlet to a file on your local disk.  In the example $env:USERPROFILE is a global variable that specifies your user home directory.  When used in a Cmdlet, it is interpreted as "C:\\Users\\Username\\Documents\\Meadow.Cli\\Accounts.txt".  This example will write the file WITHOUT encryption, and no password will need to be used when importing it into a later testing session.

### EXAMPLE 2
Advanced use
```powershell
C:\PS> Write-Accounts -FilePath "$env:USERPROFILE\Documents\Meadow.Cli\Accounts.txt" -Password 'My-Password!' -EncryptData
```

This example specifies a path on your local disk to write the accounts file to and also uses a password to encrypt the file to prevent unauthorized use.   In the example $env:USERPROFILE is a global variable that specifies your user home directory.  When used in a Cmdlet, it is interpreted as "C:\\Users\\Username\\Documents\\Meadow.Cli\\Accounts.txt".  This example will create an encrypted file that will require you to use a password when importing it into a later testing session.  If you specify the Password parameter, you must also specify the EncryptData parameter to have the file written successfully.

## PARAMETERS

### FilePath
This parameter allows you to specify a local path where the accounts file can be saved to disk.  This is the path you will need to specify for the Read-Accounts to import these accounts back into a later testing session.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Account Writing Parameters
Aliases: None

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: None
Accepted Values: String
Pipeline Input: False
```

### Password
This parameter allows you to specify a password to use that will encrypt your accoutns file to prevent unauthorized use.  You will need to specify this password in the Read-Accoutns Cmdlet to import these accounts into a later testing session.  You must also specify the EncryptData parameter if you opt to use the Password parameter.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Account Writing Parameters
Aliases: None

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: None
Accepted Values: String
Pipeline Input: False
```

### EncryptData
This parameter is used to specify that you would like to encrypt the accounts file you want written to disk.  This parameter must be used with the Password parameter to be effective.

```yaml
Type: Switch
Parameter Sets: Account Writing Parameters
Aliases: None

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: None
Accepted Values: None
Pipeline Input: False
```

### \<CommonParameters\>
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None


## OUTPUTS

### None


## NOTES

### Notes
This Cmdlet is used in conjunction with the New-Accoutns and Read-Accounts Cmdlets to write your test accounts to a file and import them into a later testing session.

## RELATED LINKS

[MeadowSuite site link:](https://meadowsuite.com)

[Hosho Group site link:](https://hosho.io)


*Generated by: PowerShell HelpWriter 2018 v2.2.40*
