# New-Accounts

## SYNOPSIS
This Cmdlet creates new accounts for the test server environment.

## SYNTAX

### New Accounts Parameters (Default)
```
New-Accounts [-Mnemonic] [-HDPath] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
This Cmdlet will generate 100 new accounts for use in the RPC test server environment on your local machine.  These accounts can then be saved to a file for reuse (with the Write-Accounts Cmdlet), read into memory from a file (with the Read-Accounts Cmdlet), or new ones can be created each time you want to test an Etherium contract.  A Mnemonic set will be generated for you unless specified with the -Mnemonic parameter.  Using the common parameter -Verbose will display the Mnemonic set generated by Meadow suite for you.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1
Basic Usage
```powershell
C:\PS> New-Accounts
```

This will create 100 accounts to be used with the RPC test server.  When using no parameters, a mnemonic phrase will be generated for you.

### EXAMPLE 2
Advanced Usage
```powershell
C:\PS> New-Accounts -Mnemonic  'bone tenant beef zero lab photo wonder more endless poverty swamp remember slight idle lawn soon chalk crop bleak genius subway render dance brass'
```

Using the Cmdlet with the -Mnemonic parameter allows you to specify the 12 word mnemonic phrase used in generating the accounts.  The list of words should be enclosed with a single quote at both ends and uses a single space to delimit each word.

### EXAMPLE 3
Common Parameter Usage
```powershell
C:\PS> New-Accounts -Verbose
```

Using the Cmdlet with the -Verbose parameter will show the mnemonic phrase used to generate the accounts in your terminal.

## PARAMETERS

### Mnemonic
This parameter allows you to specify the mnemonic word set to use when generating accounts for your RPC test server environment.  If this parameter is not used, Meadow suite will generate a 12 word mnemonic phrase for you.  If you would like to copy the mnemonic phrase that Meadow creates, please use the -Verbose parameter at the end of the command to display the words in your terminal.

```yaml
Type: Switch
Parameter Sets: New Accounts Parameters
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: None
Accepted Values: String
Pipeline Input: False
```

### HDPath


```yaml
Type: 
Parameter Sets: New Accounts Parameters
Aliases: 

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: 
Pipeline Input: false
```

### \<CommonParameters\>
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None


## OUTPUTS

### None


## NOTES

### Notes
This Cmdlet works in conjunction with the Write-Accounts and Read-Accounts Cmdlets to create a file that you can use to import accounts into a testing session.

## RELATED LINKS

[Meadow Suite site link:](https://www.meadowsuite.com)


*Generated by: PowerShell HelpWriter 2018 v2.2.40*
