# Read-Accounts

## SYNOPSIS
This Cmdlet imports previously generated accounts into your testing session.

## SYNTAX

### Read Accounts Parameters (Default)
```
Read-Accounts [-FilePath <String>] [-Password [<String>]] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
Using this Cmdlet allows you to import accounts that have been previously generated and saved to a file into your current testing session.  The accounts file can also be encrypted with a password so that it can not be used without credentials, and this Cmdlet allows you to specify the password used when saving the accounts file.

## EXAMPLES

### EXAMPLE 1
Basic use
```powershell
C:\PS> Read-Accounts -FilePath "$env:USERPROFILE\Documents\Meadow.Cli\Accounts.txt"
```

The example above shows how to specify the file path where your previously generated accounts file resides.  In the example $env:USERPROFILE is a global variable that specifies your user home directory.  When used in a Cmdlet, it is interpreted as "C:\\Users\\Username\\Documents\\Meadow.Cli\\Accounts.txt".  This example assumes that you did not use the Password and EncryptData parameters when Write-Accounts was used to create this file.

### EXAMPLE 2
Advanced use
```powershell
C:\PS> Read-Accounts -FilePath "$env:USERPROFILE\Documents\Meadow.Cli\Accoutns.txt" -Password 'My-Password!'
```

This example shows the Cmdlet used to specify both a file path where your account file resides and the password used to encrypt the file.  This example assumes that you used the Password and EncryptData parameters when using Write-Accounts to generate the file.

## PARAMETERS

### FilePath
This parameter allows you to specify the file path where your previously saved account file resides.  It will be read into memory for use in your testing session.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Read Accounts Parameters
Aliases: None

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: None
Accepted Values: String
Pipeline Input: False
```

### Password
The password parameter allows you to specify the password that was used when writing your accounts file to disk if you used the Password and EncryptData parameters when you wrote it.  If you did not use the Password and EncryptData parameters with the Write-Accounts Cmdlet, this is not needed.

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: Read Accounts Parameters
Aliases: None

Required: false
Position: named
Default Value: None
Accepted Values: String
Pipeline Input: False
```

### \<CommonParameters\>
This cmdlet supports the common parameters: -Debug, -ErrorAction, -ErrorVariable, -InformationAction, -InformationVariable, -OutVariable, -OutBuffer, -PipelineVariable, -Verbose, -WarningAction, and -WarningVariable. For more information, see about_CommonParameters (http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=113216).

## INPUTS

### None


## OUTPUTS

### None


## NOTES

### Notes
This account is used in conjunction with the New-Accounts and Write-Accounts Cmdlets to import your previously generated accounts into your testing session.

## RELATED LINKS

[Meadow Suite site link:](https://meadowsuite.com)


*Generated by: PowerShell HelpWriter 2018 v2.2.40*
